Kate's review of Nerve documentation (#34)
evilsocket/nerve: docs/namespaces.md

# Namespaces

Nerve offers a rich set of predefined tools, organized in namespaces, that the agent can import [with the using directive](tasklets.md#tools). **If a specific model does not natievly support tool calling, Nerve will use its own XML based format to enable tool calling.**

This page contains the list of namespaces available in Nerve, with the descriptive prompt that will be provided to the model.

## Memory

Use these memory-related actions to store and retrieve meaningful information obtained from the output of previous actions. Information worth storing includes anything that could be useful for accomplishing your current task, goal, or plan. If the information is no longer relevant to the current goal, or if it contains errors based on new information, it should be deleted.

* To store a memory with any key: `<save_memory key="my-note">put here the custom data you want to keep for later</save_memory>`
* To delete a memory you previously stored given its key: `<delete_memory key="my-note"/>`

## Time

> Use time-related actions to give the agent awareness of the current time, track elapsed time between messages, and allow it to autonomously pause its loop for a specified duration.

Reviewer: It would be more correct "include time-related actions" ... it's the agent using them

Author: ```suggestion
Include time-related actions to give the agent awareness of the current time, track elapsed time between messages, and allow it to autonomously pause its loop for a specified duration.
```

# Namespaces

Nerve offers a rich set of predefined tools, organized in namespaces, that the agent can import [with the using directive](tasklets.md#tools). **If a specific model does not natievly support tool calling, Nerve will use its own XML based format to enable tool calling.**

This page contains the list of namespaces available in Nerve, with the descriptive prompt that will be provided to the model.

## Memory

Use these memory-related actions to store and retrieve meaningful information obtained from the output of previous actions. Information worth storing includes anything that could be useful for accomplishing your current task, goal, or plan. If the information is no longer relevant to the current goal, or if it contains errors based on new information, it should be deleted.

* To store a memory with any key: `<save_memory key="my-note">put here the custom data you want to keep for later</save_memory>`
* To delete a memory you previously stored given its key: `<delete_memory key="my-note"/>`

> <!-- Is there a reason the second bullet point says "given its key" but the first one doesn't? It looks like both code snippets mention the `key` - just checking! -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Namespaces

Nerve offers a rich set of predefined tools, organized in namespaces, that the agent can import [with the using directive](tasklets.md#tools). **If a specific model does not natievly support tool calling, Nerve will use its own XML based format to enable tool calling.**

This page contains the list of namespaces available in Nerve, with the descriptive prompt that will be provided to the model.

## Memory

> Use these memory-related actions to store and retrieve any meaningful information obtained or interpreted from output generated by previous actions. Information worth storing as a memory includes anything potentially useful for or relevant to accomplishing your assigned task, goal, or plan. Memories should be deleted if they are no longer relevant to the current goal or if they contain erroneous info as determined by new info obtained through subsequent actions.

Author: ```suggestion
Use these memory-related actions to store and retrieve meaningful information obtained from the output of previous actions. Information worth storing includes anything that could be useful for accomplishing your current task, goal, or plan. If the information is no longer relevant to the current goal, or if it contains errors based on new information, it should be deleted.
```

> <!-- I think the first sentence needs a tune-up. Perhaps splitting it into two would make it easier to follow? -->

Reviewer: probably! i tend to write long sentences :D interestingly, this part of the documentation has been generated from the actual prompts used by the tool (all the .prompt files in this repo), so I'll probably port your fixes there! golden! thank you

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * To store a memory: `<save_memory key="my-note">put here the custom data you want to keep for later</save_memory>`

Author: ```suggestion
* To store a memory with any key: `<save_memory key="my-note">put here the custom data you want to keep for later</save_memory>`
```

> * To delete a memory you previously stored given its key: `<delete_memory key="my-note"/>`

Author: ```suggestion
* To delete a memory you previously stored given its key: `<delete_memory key="my-note"/>`
```

> <!-- Is there a reason the second bullet point says "given its key" but the first one doesn't? It looks like both code snippets mention the `key` - just checking! -->

Reviewer: in the first case it's a "save a memory with any key" while in the second case the "given its key" implies that the key must exist (from a previously created memory)

## Time

> <!-- Let's add a snippet here about why a user would want to use a time-related action (like you did in the Memory section above). It's best if headers have a bit of context below them before going right into the code/details! -->

Reviewer: more than the user, it's the agent that might need it! for instance in cases like this https://github.com/dreadnode/nerve/blob/main/examples/webcam/task.yml#L12

Author: ```suggestion
Use time-related actions to give the agent awareness of the current time, track elapsed time between messages, and allow it to autonomously pause its loop for a specified duration.
```

Author: I took a look at your link but I need a bit more clarity! Can you finish the sentence above for me? 😄

Reviewer: Use time-related actions to give the agent awareness of the current time, of how much time is elapsed between each message and to allow it to autonomously pause its loop for a given amount of seconds. ... it's essentially like giving it a watch and the ability to say "i'll take a nap"
